okay guys I'm chasing the starting
problem in this Alero
for a while it's finally cooled enough
like ten degrees right now that it's
consistent enough that I can keep the
problem going long enough to reproduce
it and here's what I found and I want to
get your expert advice you go to start
the car it's in park right now okay it's
running soon as I let go the key it
turned off and do it again so here
holding the switch still holding the
switch it's running no instrument lights
or anything I could rip it up here at
row
is it lucky car turns off now
experiment I'm gonna hold the key and
I'm gonna put it reverse and I'm going
to actually back up so I know the cars
physically running and not on the
starter motor which I did this earlier
so I know it works in here
so the key running this time I got a
dong or what I didn't get before let go
the camera turned off okay hold the key
turning put on the brake put in reverse
and I'm backing up backing up no problem
holding the key still let the key go car
turned off so I'm think of its ignition
Earth sorry yeah that's just the key
just to switch holding the key now we've
got to put it back in the parking spot
put it and drive back on a parking spot
oops I still holding the key and turned
off now here's the other thing okay I'm
gonna wiggle the key wiggling the key
the doors just locked there look at that
wiggle in the key I didn't turn the key
I'm wiggling it doors are locking on
knocking there that Dicky I haven't
turned it off it's gone the same
position there and again it's running
turns off running rev it up engines
revving flying sounds good holding the
foot turns off so hoping it just means I
need an ignition key switch this section
in here anybody want to confirm or deny
thanks guys